[Queues] Add Queues web crawler to Queues examples (#9417)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/examples/web-crawler-with-browser-rendering/index.md

```toml
---
filename: wrangler.toml
highlight: [7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20]
---
name = "queues-web-crawler"
main = "src/worker.ts"
compatibility_date = "2023-06-09"
node_compat = true
usage_model = "unbound"

browser = { binding = "CRAWLER_BROWSER", type = "browser" }

kv_namespaces = [
  { binding = "CRAWLER_SCREENSHOTS_KV", id = "<crawler_screenshots namespace ID here>" },
  { binding = "CRAWLER_LINKS_KV", id = "<crawler_links namespace ID here>" }
]

[[queues.consumers]]
  queue = "<queue name here>"
  max_batch_timeout = 60 

[[queues.producers]]
 queue = "<queue name here>"
 binding = "CRAWLER_QUEUE"
```

To find the KV namespace IDs in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), select **Workers & Pages** > **KV**. The namespace IDs are shown to the right of each KV namespace.

![List namespace IDs](/queues/examples/web-crawler-with-browser-rendering/list-namespace-id.png)

> Add a `max_batch_timeout` of sixty seconds to the consumer because Browser Rendering has a limit of two new browsers per minute per account. This timeout waits up to a minute before collecting Queue messages into a batch. The Worker will then remain under this browser invocation limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `max_batch_timeout` of 60 seconds to the consumer because Browser Rendering has a limit of two new browsers per minute per account. This timeout waits up to a minute before collecting Queue messages into a batch. The Worker will then remain under this browser invocation limit.
```

```ts
---
filename: src/worker.ts 
---
import { BrowserWorker } from "@cloudflare/puppeteer";

export interface Env {
  CRAWLER_QUEUE: Queue<any>;
  CRAWLER_SCREENSHOTS_KV: KVNamespace;
  CRAWLER_LINKS_KV: KVNamespace;
  CRAWLER_BROWSER: BrowserWorker;
}
```

### 6. Submit links to crawl

Add a `fetch()` handler to the Worker so you can submit links to crawl.

```ts
---
filename: src/worker.ts 
---
type Message = {
  url: string;
};

export interface Env {
  CRAWLER_QUEUE: Queue<Message>;
  // ... etc.
}

export default {
  async fetch(req: Request, env: Env): Promise<Response> {
    await env.CRAWLER_QUEUE.send({ url: await req.text() });
    return new Response("Success!");
  },
}
```

This will accept requests to any subpath and forwards the request's body to be crawled. It expects that the request body only contains a URL. In production, you should check that the request was a `POST` request and contains a well-formed URL in its body. This has been omitted for simplicity.

### 7. Crawl with Puppeteer

> Add a `queue()` handler to the Worker so you can process the links you send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `queue()` handler to the Worker to process the links you send.
```

  const page = await (browser as puppeteer.Browser).newPage();

  await page.goto(url, {
    waitUntil: "load",
  });

  const numCloudflareLinks = await page.$$eval("a", (links) => {
	links = links.filter((link) => {
      try {
        return new URL(link.href).hostname.includes("cloudflare.com");
      } catch {
        return false;
      }
    });
    return links.length;
  });

  await page.setViewport({
    width: 1920,
    height: 1080,
    deviceScaleFactor: 1,
  });

  return {
    numCloudflareLinks,
    screenshot: ((await page.screenshot({ fullPage: true })) as Buffer)
      .buffer,
  };
};
```

This helper function opens a new page in Puppeteer and navigates to the provided URL. `numCloudflareLinks` uses Puppeteer's `$$eval` (equivalent to `document.querySelectorAll`) to find the number of links to a `cloudflare.com` page. Checking if the link's `href` is to a `cloudflare.com` page is wrapped in a try-catch to handle cases where `href`s may not be URLs.

Then, the function sets the browser viewport size and takes a screenshot of the full page. The screenshot is returned as a `Buffer` so it can be converted to an `ArrayBuffer` and written to KV.

> Optionally, if you want to enable recursively crawling links, add a snippet just after checking the number of Cloudflare links to send messages recursively from the Queue consumer to the Queue itself. Recursing too deep, as is possible with crawling, will cause a Durable Object `Subrequest depth limit exceeded.` error. If one occurs, it is caught, but the links aren't retried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable recursively crawling links, add a snippet after checking the number of Cloudflare links to send messages recursively from the Queue consumer to the Queue itself. Recursing too deep, as is possible with crawling, will cause a Durable Object `Subrequest depth limit exceeded.` error. If one occurs, it is caught, but the links are not retried.
```
